# Assignment-2
Based on the data I found, Uptown and Downtown areas of Manhattan had the most noise complaints by far. My theory for this is simply that there are many commercial neighborhoods in those areas, and general habitant population density is also high. That would also explain noises from construction, as there would be a lot of development in areas where there are many people working, living, and spending time.

Interestingly, ice cream truck and animal noise complaints were more common in the Midtown area of Manhattan. Meanwhile, party/loud music complaints were prominent nearly everywhere in Manhattan, as were the "construction" and "other" categories, albeit a little less common than the party/loud music complaints. These complaint descriptors aren't entirely exclusive to either residential or commercial areas, however, so connecting categories to my theory was difficult.

The extra map I chose was simply used to check whether the data was connected to commercial areas. I found a dataset showing restaurant inspections in Manhattan, and figured this would be a good way to gauge where commercial districts in Manhattan area. Unsurprisingly, Downtown had the most inspections. Per my guess, that is just because of sheer number of restaurants in the Downtown area. However, this also shows that if there are this many restaurants, the connection between commercial areas having more activity and people and the 311 noise complaints would make sense. I wasn't able to find a perfect dataset to examine the complaints in context of residential areas, but my theory is that there are so many restuarants in that area because many people live and work in Downtown, and thus, it's more likely complaints will occur in such population-dense areas.
